.. include:: ../Includes.txt

.. _finding-more-information:

========================
Finding more information
========================

Source Code
===========

The most authoritative and most current reference for TYPO3 Fluid information
is, of course, the TYPO3 CMS source code itself.

Here are some source code folders and files you may find useful. Substitute
your own installed folder for :file:`typo3_src-8.7.13`.

:file:`typo3_src-8.7.13/vendor/typo3fluid/fluid/doc`

:file:`typo3_src-typo3_src-8.7.13/typo3/sysext/fluid_styled_content/Documentation/Introduction/Index.rst`

:file:`typo3_src-8.7.13/typo3/sysext/fluid_styled_content/Resources/Private`

:file:`typo3_src-8.7.13/typo3/sysext/fluid`

TYPO3 CMS source code also includes Fluid examples you may find useful.

:file:`typo3_src-8.7.13/typo3/sysext/fluid_styled_content/Resources/Private`

:file:`typo3_src-8.7.13/typo3/sysext/fluid/Resources/Private`

:file:`typo3_src-8.7.13/typo3/sysext/about/Resources/Private`

The [ https://api.typo3.org/ ] website provides an applications programming
interface (API) viewer that can help you navigate parts of the TYPO3 CMS
source code. Once you choose the TYPO3 CMS version, here are some navigation
paths that may be useful.

Classes > TYPO3 > CMS > Fluid

Classes > TYPO3 > CMS > FluidStyledContent

Classes > TYPO3 > CMS > Frontend > ContentObject > FluidTemplateContentObject

Published Documents
===================

There is a centralized documentation library at typo3.org containing links to
tutorials, guides, reference manuals, code snippets, and videos. Some
potentially useful documents are:

:ref:`Developing TYPO3 Extensions with Extbase and Fluid <t3extbasebook:start>`

:ref:`A TYPO3 Extbase and Fluid Guide <t3extbase:start>`

:ref:`TypoScript in 45 Minutes <t3ts45:start>`

:ref:`TypoScript Reference (“Content Objects” chapter, “FLUIDTEMPLATE” section) <t3tsref:cobj-fluidtemplate>`

Searches
========

Other than the typo3.org references, you can find additional information by
searching the Web. For example, try a search phrase such as
[ :aspect:`typo3 fluid` ] on a popular video website. If you have a specific
problem, think of key words or concepts to use in a search phrase. While
writing this tutorial, Web searches led to these specific references.

[ http://typo3buddy.com/ ] “Templates > Fluid templating”.

[ https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/ExtbaseGuide/Fluid/ViewHelper/CObject.html ]

[ https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/ExtbaseFluidBook/8-Fluid/3-moving-repeating-snippets-to-partials.html ]

[ https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/ExtbaseFluidBook/8-Fluid/4-creating-a-consistent-look-and-feel-with-layouts.html ]

[ :file:`typo3_src-8.7.13/vendor/typo3fluid/fluid/doc` ], especially the :file:`FLUID_STRUCTURE.md` text file.

[ https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference/8.7/ContentObjects/Hmenu/Index.html ]

[ https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference/8.7/ContentObjects/Hmenu/Index.html#special-rootline ]

[ https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference/8.7/Functions/If/# ]

[ https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptIn45MinutesTutorial/TypoScriptFunctions/If/Index.html ]

[ https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference/8.7/Setup/Page/Index.html ]

[ https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference/8.7/Conditions/Syntax/Index.html#general-syntax ]

[ https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference/8.7/Conditions/Reference/Index.html#page ]

Questions
=========

Lastly, after searching to find information already published, you may want
to ask a question to the community. By now in your search, you will have
gathered a list of useful websites and forums. Notice which forums have
currently active participation, and take some time to familiarize yourself
with their behavior and expectations.

Credit
======

The TYPO3 wiki [ https://wiki.typo3.org/T3Doc/Fluidtemplate_by_example ] page
was fundamental to starting the work leading to this tutorial.

The following Web search results contributed directly to the tutorial’s final
template design.

[ https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27052098/how-do-i-check-for-column-content-in-a-typo3-fluid-template
], answer by lorenz on 2014-11-27 14:14.

[ https://forum.typo3.org/index.php/t/189892/ ], comment from Claus Due on
2012-06-20 21:24.

[ https://forge.typo3.org/issues/34152 ], comment #31 by Ernesto Baschny.

[ https://wiki.typo3.org/Fluid_Inline_Notation ], example showing backslashed
single quotes.

